Execise 2

Paragraph A:
-all properties come from the element selector (p)

color: gray;
font-size: 1rem;
font-family: Georgia, serif;
line-height: 1.4;
padding: 4px 0;


Paragraph B:
-these come from the class selector (.info). in CSS, a class selector is more specific than a general element selector (p), so it overrides any conflicting properties found in the p rule.

color: steelblue;
font-size: 1.25rem;
background-color: #e8f4fd;
padding: 8px 14px;
border-left: 5px solid steelblue;
font-family: Arial, sans-serif;

Paragraph C:
-these come from the ID selector (#warning). ID selectors have higher specificity than both class and element selectors.

color: darkred;
font-size: 0.8rem;
font-style: italic;
text-transform: uppercase;
letter-spacing: 0.15em;
border: 2px dashed darkred;
padding: 10px;
background-color: #fff0f0;
font-family: 'Courier New', monospace;

Paragraph D:
-this paragraph gets properties from multiple sources:
specific properties come from the combined ID and class selector (#warning.info). font-family comes from the ID selector (#warning). line-height comes from the element selector (p).

color: darkorange; (the selector #warning.info wins because it has the highest specificity score)
background-color: #fff7e0;
border: 2px solid darkorange;
font-size: 1.1rem;
font-style: normal;
letter-spacing: 0.03em;
The most specific rule (#warning.info) does not define a font-family, so the winner is 'Courier New' , monospace, because the browser falls back to the next most specific rule that does define it, which is the ID selector #warning.

The h1 experiment:
-the h1 will appear in red, but it will still be italic and have 10px padding. Both the external stylesheet and the internal <style> tag use the same selector (h1), and that means they have the exact same specificity. When specificity is tied, the rule that is defined last in the HTML document wins. Since the internal <style> block appears after the <link> tag in the <head>, its color property overrides the external one.
